Az/Az.SecurityInsights/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.SecurityInsights.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.SecurityInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.securityinsights/remove-azsentinelincident
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/master/src/SecurityInsights/SecurityInsights/help/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/master/src/SecurityInsights/SecurityInsights/help/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md
---

# Remove-AzSentinelIncident

## SYNOPSIS
Delete an Incident.

## SYNTAX

### IncidentId (Default)
```
Remove-AzSentinelIncident -ResourceGroupName <String> -WorkspaceName <String> -IncidentId <String> [-PassThru]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObject
```
Remove-AzSentinelIncident -InputObject <PSSentinelIncident> [-PassThru]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzSentinelIncident** cmdlet permanently deletes a Incident from a specified workspace.
You can pass an **Incident** object by using the pipeline operator, or alternatively you can specify the required parameters.
You can use the Confirm parameter and $ConfirmPreference Windows PowerShell variable to control whether the cmdlet prompts you for confirmation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Remove-AzSentinelIncident -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -WorkspaceName "MyWorkspaceName" -IncidentId "MyIncidentId"
```

This command removes the Incident from the workspace.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncidentId
Incident Id.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
InputObject.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.SecurityInsights.Models.Incidents.PSSentinelIncident
Parameter Sets: InputObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
PassThru

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Resource group name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WorkspaceName
Workspace Name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String
### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.SecurityInsights.Models.Incidents.PSSentinelIncident
## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Danni X.  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=277805&view=results

Az/Az.SecurityInsights/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.SecurityInsights.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.SecurityInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.securityinsights/remove-azsentinelincident
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/SecurityInsights/SecurityInsights/help/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/SecurityInsights/SecurityInsights/help/Remove-AzSentinelIncident.md
---

# Remove-AzSentinelIncident

## SYNOPSIS
Deletes an Incident.

## SYNTAX

### IncidentId (Default)
```
Remove-AzSentinelIncident -ResourceGroupName <String> -WorkspaceName <String> -IncidentId <String> [-PassThru]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObject
```
Remove-AzSentinelIncident -InputObject <PSSentinelIncident> [-PassThru]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzSentinelIncident** cmdlet permanently deletes a Incident from a specified workspace.
You can pass an **Incident** object by using the pipeline operator, or alternatively you can specify the required parameters.
You can use the Confirm parameter and $ConfirmPreference Windows PowerShell variable to control whether the cmdlet prompts you for confirmation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Remove-AzSentinelIncident -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -WorkspaceName "MyWorkspaceName" -IncidentId "MyIncidentId"
```

This command removes the Incident from the workspace.

### Example 2
```powershell
$SentinelConnection = @{
    ResourceGroupName = "myResourceGroupName"
    WorkspaceName = "myWorkspaceName"
}
$Incident = Get-AzSentinelIncident @SentinelConnection | Where-Object {$_.IncidentNumber -eq "346"}
Remove-AzSentinelIncident @SentinelConnection -IncidentId $Incident.Name
```

This example uses a connection object to pass the resourceGroupName and workspaceName to get a specific Incident based on the Incident number (as shown in the Incident view). Then it uses the $Incident.Name value (which represents the IncidentId) to delete the Incident.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncidentId
Incident Id.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
InputObject.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.SecurityInsights.Models.Incidents.PSSentinelIncident
Parameter Sets: InputObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
PassThru

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Resource group name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WorkspaceName
Workspace Name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: IncidentId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String
### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.SecurityInsights.Models.Incidents.PSSentinelIncident
## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
