Az/Az.Attestation/Az.Attestation.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.Attestation
Module Guid: 249cb945-683e-4866-a9af-5704a2d890a5
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.attestation
Help Version: 0.0.1.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Attestation/Attestation/help/Az.Attestation.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Attestation/Attestation/help/Az.Attestation.md
---

# Az.Attestation Module
## Description
This topic displays help topics for the Azure Attestation Cmdlets.

## Az.Attestation Cmdlets
### [Add-AzAttestationPolicySigner](Add-AzAttestationPolicySigner.md)
Adds a trusted policy signer for a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestationDefaultProvider](Get-AzAttestationDefaultProvider.md)
Get the default provider by location.

### [Get-AzAttestationPolicy](Get-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Gets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestationPolicySigners](Get-AzAttestationPolicySigners.md)
Gets the trusted policy signers from a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestationProvider](Get-AzAttestationProvider.md)
Get the status of Attestation Provider.

### [New-AzAttestationProvider](New-AzAttestationProvider.md)
Creates a new Attestation Provider.

### [Remove-AzAttestationPolicySigner](Remove-AzAttestationPolicySigner.md)
Removes a trusted policy signer for a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Remove-AzAttestationProvider](Remove-AzAttestationProvider.md)
Delete Attestation Service.

### [Reset-AzAttestationPolicy](Reset-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Resets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestationn.}

### [Set-AzAttestationPolicy](Set-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Sets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestationn.

### [Update-AzAttestationProvider](Update-AzAttestationProvider.md)
Updates the Attestation Provider.

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Jeff Xu  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=327705&view=results

Az/Az.Attestation/Az.Attestation.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.Attestation
Module Guid: 249cb945-683e-4866-a9af-5704a2d890a5
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.attestation
Help Version: 0.0.1.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Attestation/Attestation/help/Az.Attestation.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Attestation/Attestation/help/Az.Attestation.md
---

# Az.Attestation Module
## Description
This topic displays help topics for the Azure Attestation Cmdlets.

## Az.Attestation Cmdlets
### [Add-AzAttestationPolicySigner](Add-AzAttestationPolicySigner.md)
Adds a trusted policy signer for a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestation](Get-AzAttestation.md)
Gets an attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestationPolicy](Get-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Gets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Get-AzAttestationPolicySigners](Get-AzAttestationPolicySigners.md)
Gets the trusted policy signers from a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [New-AzAttestation](New-AzAttestation.md)
Creates an attestation

### [Remove-AzAttestation](Remove-AzAttestation.md)
Deletes an attestation.

### [Remove-AzAttestationPolicySigner](Remove-AzAttestationPolicySigner.md)
Removes a trusted policy signer for a tenant in Azure Attestation.

### [Reset-AzAttestationPolicy](Reset-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Resets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestationn.}

### [Set-AzAttestationPolicy](Set-AzAttestationPolicy.md)
Sets the policy from a tenant in Azure Attestationn.
