Az/Az.Kusto/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md, before:

---
external help file: 
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/test-azkustoscriptnameavailability
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Kusto/help/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Kusto/help/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md
---

# Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability

## SYNOPSIS
Checks that the script name is valid and is not already in use.

## SYNTAX

### CheckExpanded (Default)
```
Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -Name <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CheckViaIdentityExpanded
```
Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -InputObject <IKustoIdentity> -Name <String> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Checks that the script name is valid and is not already in use.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: {{ Add title here }}
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add code here }}

{{ Add output here }}
```

{{ Add description here }}

### Example 2: {{ Add title here }}
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add code here }}

{{ Add output here }}
```

{{ Add description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.IKustoIdentity
Parameter Sets: CheckViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Script name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.IKustoIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api202101.ICheckNameResult

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IKustoIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AttachedDatabaseConfigurationName <String>]`: The name of the attached database configuration.
  - `[ClusterName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto cluster.
  - `[DataConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the data connection.
  - `[DatabaseName <String>]`: The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Azure location (region) name.
  - `[OperationId <String>]`: The Guid of the operation ID
  - `[PrincipalAssignmentName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto principalAssignment.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.
  - `[ScriptName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto database script.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Danni X.  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=278374&view=results

Az/Az.Kusto/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md, after:

---
external help file: 
Module Name: Az.Kusto
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.kusto/test-azkustoscriptnameavailability
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Kusto/help/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Kusto/help/Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability.md
---

# Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability

## SYNOPSIS
Checks that the script name is valid and is not already in use.

## SYNTAX

### CheckExpanded (Default)
```
Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -ClusterName <String> -DatabaseName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -Name <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CheckViaIdentityExpanded
```
Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -InputObject <IKustoIdentity> -Name <String> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Checks that the script name is valid and is not already in use.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Check that the script name which is not in use
```powershell
PS C:\> Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase -ResourceGroupName testrg -Name newkustoscript

Message Name           NameAvailable Reason
------- ----           ------------- ------
        newkustoscript True
```

The above command checks that the script name which is not in use.

### Example 2: Check that the script name which is not valid
```powershell
PS C:\> Test-AzKustoScriptNameAvailability -ClusterName testnewkustocluster -DatabaseName mykustodatabase -ResourceGroupName testrg -Name newkustoscript!

Message                                                                                                           Name            NameAvailable Reason
-------                                                                                                           ----            ------------- ------
Script: Name='newkustoscript!' does not comply with naming rules (contains invalid characters or format mismatch) newkustoscript! False
```

The above command checks that the script name which is not valid.

## PARAMETERS

### -ClusterName
The name of the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DatabaseName
The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.IKustoIdentity
Parameter Sets: CheckViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Script name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CheckExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.IKustoIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Kusto.Models.Api202101.ICheckNameResult

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IKustoIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AttachedDatabaseConfigurationName <String>]`: The name of the attached database configuration.
  - `[ClusterName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto cluster.
  - `[DataConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the data connection.
  - `[DatabaseName <String>]`: The name of the database in the Kusto cluster.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Azure location (region) name.
  - `[OperationId <String>]`: The Guid of the operation ID
  - `[PrincipalAssignmentName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto principalAssignment.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group containing the Kusto cluster.
  - `[ScriptName <String>]`: The name of the Kusto database script.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Gets subscription credentials which uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

## RELATED LINKS
