Az/Az.Network/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Network.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.network/set-azapplicationgatewayroutingrule
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md
---

# Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule

## SYNOPSIS
Modifies a routing rule for an application gateway.

## SYNTAX

### SetByResource (Default)
```
Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule -ApplicationGateway <PSApplicationGateway> -Name <String>
 -RuleType <String> -Priority <Int32> [-BackendSettings <PSApplicationGatewayBackendSettings>]
 [-Listener <PSApplicationGatewayListener>] [-BackendAddressPool <PSApplicationGatewayBackendAddressPool>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SetByResourceId
```
Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule -ApplicationGateway <PSApplicationGateway> -Name <String>
 -RuleType <String> -Priority <Int32> [-BackendSettingsId <String>] [-ListenerId <String>]
 [-BackendAddressPoolId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule** cmdlet modifies a routing rule.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update a routing rule
```powershell
$AppGw = Get-AzApplicationGateway -Name "ApplicationGateway01" -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup01"
$AppGw = Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule -ApplicationGateway $AppGw -Name "Rule01" -RuleType Basic -Priority 100 -BackendSettings $Setting -Listener $Listener -BackendAddressPool $Pool
```

The first command gets the application gateway named ApplicationGateway01 and stores it in the $AppGw variable.
The second command modifies the routing rule for the application gateway to use back-end settings specified in the $Setting variable, a listener specified in the $Listener variable, and a back-end address pool specified in the $Pool variable.


## PARAMETERS

### -ApplicationGateway
The applicationGateway

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendAddressPool
Application gateway BackendAddressPool

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayBackendAddressPool
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendAddressPoolId
ID of the application gateway BackendAddressPool

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendSettings
Application gateway BackendSettings

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayBackendSettings
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendSettingsId
ID of the application gateway BackendSettings

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Listener
Application gateway Listener

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayListener
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ListenerId
ID of the application gateway Listener

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Routing Rule

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Priority
The priority of the rule

```yaml
Type: System.Nullable`1[System.Int32]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RuleType
The type of rule

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Basic, PathBasedRouting

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule](./Add-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md)

[Get-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule](./Get-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md)

[New-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule](./New-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md)

[Remove-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule](./Remove-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md)

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Jeff Xu  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=327705&view=results

Az/Az.Network/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Network.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Network/Network/help/Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule.md
---

# Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule

## SYNOPSIS
{{ Fill in the Synopsis }}

## SYNTAX

### SetByResource (Default)
```
Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule -ApplicationGateway <PSApplicationGateway> -Name <String>
 -RuleType <String> -Priority <Int32> [-BackendSettings <PSApplicationGatewayBackendSettings>]
 [-Listener <PSApplicationGatewayListener>] [-BackendAddressPool <PSApplicationGatewayBackendAddressPool>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SetByResourceId
```
Set-AzApplicationGatewayRoutingRule -ApplicationGateway <PSApplicationGateway> -Name <String>
 -RuleType <String> -Priority <Int32> [-BackendSettingsId <String>] [-ListenerId <String>]
 [-BackendAddressPoolId <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{ Fill in the Description }}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -ApplicationGateway
The applicationGateway

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendAddressPool
Application gateway BackendAddressPool

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayBackendAddressPool
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendAddressPoolId
ID of the application gateway BackendAddressPool

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendSettings
Application gateway BackendSettings

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayBackendSettings
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackendSettingsId
ID of the application gateway BackendSettings

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Listener
Application gateway Listener

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGatewayListener
Parameter Sets: SetByResource
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ListenerId
ID of the application gateway Listener

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: SetByResourceId
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Routing Rule

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Priority
The priority of the rule

```yaml
Type: System.Nullable`1[System.Int32]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RuleType
The type of rule

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Basic, PathBasedRouting

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Network.Models.PSApplicationGateway

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
