Az/Az.ImageBuilder/Az.ImageBuilder.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.ImageBuilder
Module Guid: bdedc683-d9b6-41ea-b310-d068b8c72305
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.imagebuilder
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ImageBuilder/help/Az.ImageBuilder.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ImageBuilder/help/Az.ImageBuilder.md
---

# Az.ImageBuilder Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: ImageBuilder cmdlets

## Az.ImageBuilder Cmdlets
### [Get-AzImageBuilderRunOutput](Get-AzImageBuilderRunOutput.md)
Get the specified run output for the specified image template resource

### [Get-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Get-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Get information about a virtual machine image template

### [New-AzImageBuilderCustomizerObject](New-AzImageBuilderCustomizerObject.md)
Describes a unit of image customization

### [New-AzImageBuilderDistributorObject](New-AzImageBuilderDistributorObject.md)
Generic distribution object

### [New-AzImageBuilderSourceObject](New-AzImageBuilderSourceObject.md)
Describes a virtual machine image source for building, customizing and distributing.

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplate](New-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Create a virtual machine image template

### [Remove-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Remove-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Delete a virtual machine image template

### [Start-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Start-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Create artifacts from a existing image template

### [Stop-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Stop-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Cancel the long running image build based on the image template

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Jeff Xu  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=326385&view=results

Az/Az.ImageBuilder/Az.ImageBuilder.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.ImageBuilder
Module Guid: bdedc683-d9b6-41ea-b310-d068b8c72305
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.imagebuilder
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ImageBuilder/help/Az.ImageBuilder.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ImageBuilder/help/Az.ImageBuilder.md
---

# Az.ImageBuilder Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: ImageBuilder cmdlets

## Az.ImageBuilder Cmdlets
### [Get-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Get-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Get information about a virtual machine image template

### [Get-AzImageBuilderTemplateRunOutput](Get-AzImageBuilderTemplateRunOutput.md)
Get the specified run output for the specified image template resource

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplate](New-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Create or update a virtual machine image template

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplateCustomizerObject](New-AzImageBuilderTemplateCustomizerObject.md)
Create an in-memory object for ImageTemplateCustomizer.

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorObject](New-AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorObject.md)
Create an in-memory object for ImageTemplateDistributor.

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplateSourceObject](New-AzImageBuilderTemplateSourceObject.md)
Create an in-memory object for ImageTemplateSource.

### [New-AzImageBuilderTemplateValidatorObject](New-AzImageBuilderTemplateValidatorObject.md)
Create an in-memory object for ImageTemplateValidator.

### [Remove-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Remove-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Delete a virtual machine image template

### [Start-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Start-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Create artifacts from a existing image template

### [Stop-AzImageBuilderTemplate](Stop-AzImageBuilderTemplate.md)
Cancel the long running image build based on the image template
