Az/Az.Cdn/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md, before:

---
external help file: 
Module Name: Az.Cdn
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.cdn/update-azcdnorigingroup
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Cdn/help/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Cdn/help/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md
---

# Update-AzCdnOriginGroup

## SYNOPSIS
Updates an existing origin group within an endpoint.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded1 (Default)
```
Update-AzCdnOriginGroup -EndpointName <String> -Name <String> -ProfileName <String>
 -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-HealthProbeSetting <IHealthProbeParameters>]
 [-Origin <IResourceReference[]>]
 [-ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting <IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>]
 [-TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded1
```
Update-AzCdnOriginGroup -InputObject <ICdnIdentity> [-HealthProbeSetting <IHealthProbeParameters>]
 [-Origin <IResourceReference[]>]
 [-ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting <IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>]
 [-TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates an existing origin group within an endpoint.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: {{ Add title here }}
```powershell
{{ Add code here }}
```

```output
{{ Add output here }}
```

{{ Add description here }}

### Example 2: {{ Add title here }}
```powershell
{{ Add code here }}
```

```output
{{ Add output here }}
```

{{ Add description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointName
Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HealthProbeSetting
Health probe settings to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
To construct, see NOTES section for HEALTHPROBESETTING properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IHealthProbeParameters
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.ICdnIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of the origin group which is unique within the endpoint.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases: OriginGroupName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Origin
The source of the content being delivered via CDN within given origin group.
To construct, see NOTES section for ORIGIN properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IResourceReference[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
Name of the CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting
The JSON object that contains the properties to determine origin health using real requests/responses.
This property is currently not supported.
To construct, see NOTES section for RESPONSEBASEDORIGINERRORDETECTIONSETTING properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Azure Subscription ID.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute
Time in minutes to shift the traffic to the endpoint gradually when an unhealthy endpoint comes healthy or a new endpoint is added.
Default is 10 mins.
This property is currently not supported.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.ICdnIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IOriginGroup

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


HEALTHPROBESETTING <IHealthProbeParameters>: Health probe settings to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
  - `[ProbeIntervalInSecond <Int32?>]`: The number of seconds between health probes.Default is 240sec.
  - `[ProbePath <String>]`: The path relative to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
  - `[ProbeProtocol <ProbeProtocol?>]`: Protocol to use for health probe.
  - `[ProbeRequestType <HealthProbeRequestType?>]`: The type of health probe request that is made.

INPUTOBJECT <ICdnIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[CustomDomainName <String>]`: Name of the domain under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[EndpointName <String>]`: Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[OriginGroupName <String>]`: Name of the origin group which is unique within the endpoint.
  - `[OriginName <String>]`: Name of the origin which is unique within the profile.
  - `[ProfileName <String>]`: Name of the Azure Front Door Standard or Azure Front Door Premium or CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.
  - `[RouteName <String>]`: Name of the routing rule.
  - `[RuleName <String>]`: Name of the delivery rule which is unique within the endpoint.
  - `[RuleSetName <String>]`: Name of the rule set under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[SecretName <String>]`: Name of the Secret under the profile.
  - `[SecurityPolicyName <String>]`: Name of the security policy under the profile.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Azure Subscription ID.

ORIGIN <IResourceReference[]>: The source of the content being delivered via CDN within given origin group.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource ID.

RESPONSEBASEDORIGINERRORDETECTIONSETTING <IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>: The JSON object that contains the properties to determine origin health using real requests/responses. This property is currently not supported.
  - `[HttpErrorRange <IHttpErrorRangeParameters[]>]`: The list of Http status code ranges that are considered as server errors for origin and it is marked as unhealthy.
    - `[Begin <Int32?>]`: The inclusive start of the http status code range.
    - `[End <Int32?>]`: The inclusive end of the http status code range.
  - `[ResponseBasedDetectedErrorType <ResponseBasedDetectedErrorTypes?>]`: Type of response errors for real user requests for which origin will be deemed unhealthy
  - `[ResponseBasedFailoverThresholdPercentage <Int32?>]`: The percentage of failed requests in the sample where failover should trigger.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Jeff Xu  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=326385&view=results

Az/Az.Cdn/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md, after:

---
external help file: 
Module Name: Az.Cdn
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.cdn/update-azcdnorigingroup
schema: 2.0.0
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Cdn/help/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/Cdn/help/Update-AzCdnOriginGroup.md
---

# Update-AzCdnOriginGroup

## SYNOPSIS
Updates an existing origin group within an endpoint.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded1 (Default)
```
Update-AzCdnOriginGroup -EndpointName <String> -Name <String> -ProfileName <String>
 -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-HealthProbeSetting <IHealthProbeParameters>]
 [-Origin <IResourceReference[]>]
 [-ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting <IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>]
 [-TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded1
```
Update-AzCdnOriginGroup -InputObject <ICdnIdentity> [-HealthProbeSetting <IHealthProbeParameters>]
 [-Origin <IResourceReference[]>]
 [-ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting <IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>]
 [-TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob]
 [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates an existing origin group within an endpoint.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update an AzureCDN origin group under the AzureCDN endpoint
```powershell
$updateHealthProbeParameters = New-AzCdnHealthProbeParametersObject -ProbeIntervalInSecond 60 -ProbePath "/new-check-health.aspx" -ProbeProtocol "Http" -ProbeRequestType "HEAD"
Update-AzCdnOriginGroup -ResourceGroupName testps-rg-da16jm -ProfileName cdn001 -EndpointName endptest001 -Name org001 -HealthProbeSetting $updateHealthProbeParameters
```

```output
Name   ResourceGroupName
----   -----------------
org001 testps-rg-da16jm
```

Update an AzureCDN origin group under the AzureCDN endpoint

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointName
Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HealthProbeSetting
Health probe settings to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
To construct, see NOTES section for HEALTHPROBESETTING properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IHealthProbeParameters
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.ICdnIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of the origin group which is unique within the endpoint.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases: OriginGroupName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Origin
The source of the content being delivered via CDN within given origin group.
To construct, see NOTES section for ORIGIN properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IResourceReference[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProfileName
Name of the CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionSetting
The JSON object that contains the properties to determine origin health using real requests/responses.
This property is currently not supported.
To construct, see NOTES section for RESPONSEBASEDORIGINERRORDETECTIONSETTING properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Azure Subscription ID.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded1
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrafficRestorationTimeToHealedOrNewEndpointsInMinute
Time in minutes to shift the traffic to the endpoint gradually when an unhealthy endpoint comes healthy or a new endpoint is added.
Default is 10 mins.
This property is currently not supported.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.ICdnIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Cdn.Models.Api20210601.IOriginGroup

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


HEALTHPROBESETTING `<IHealthProbeParameters>`: Health probe settings to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
  - `[ProbeIntervalInSecond <Int32?>]`: The number of seconds between health probes.Default is 240sec.
  - `[ProbePath <String>]`: The path relative to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.
  - `[ProbeProtocol <ProbeProtocol?>]`: Protocol to use for health probe.
  - `[ProbeRequestType <HealthProbeRequestType?>]`: The type of health probe request that is made.

INPUTOBJECT `<ICdnIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[CustomDomainName <String>]`: Name of the domain under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[EndpointName <String>]`: Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[OriginGroupName <String>]`: Name of the origin group which is unique within the endpoint.
  - `[OriginName <String>]`: Name of the origin which is unique within the profile.
  - `[ProfileName <String>]`: Name of the Azure Front Door Standard or Azure Front Door Premium or CDN profile which is unique within the resource group.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.
  - `[RouteName <String>]`: Name of the routing rule.
  - `[RuleName <String>]`: Name of the delivery rule which is unique within the endpoint.
  - `[RuleSetName <String>]`: Name of the rule set under the profile which is unique globally.
  - `[SecretName <String>]`: Name of the Secret under the profile.
  - `[SecurityPolicyName <String>]`: Name of the security policy under the profile.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Azure Subscription ID.

ORIGIN <IResourceReference[]>: The source of the content being delivered via CDN within given origin group.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource ID.

RESPONSEBASEDORIGINERRORDETECTIONSETTING `<IResponseBasedOriginErrorDetectionParameters>`: The JSON object that contains the properties to determine origin health using real requests/responses. This property is currently not supported.
  - `[HttpErrorRange <IHttpErrorRangeParameters[]>]`: The list of Http status code ranges that are considered as server errors for origin and it is marked as unhealthy.
    - `[Begin <Int32?>]`: The inclusive start of the http status code range.
    - `[End <Int32?>]`: The inclusive end of the http status code range.
  - `[ResponseBasedDetectedErrorType <ResponseBasedDetectedErrorTypes?>]`: Type of response errors for real user requests for which origin will be deemed unhealthy
  - `[ResponseBasedFailoverThresholdPercentage <Int32?>]`: The percentage of failed requests in the sample where failover should trigger.

## RELATED LINKS
