Az/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.ManagedServiceIdentity
Module Guid: 2a27df8b-15e3-4fb9-b885-22c6bcafc203
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.managedserviceidentity
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ManagedServiceIdentity/ManagedServiceIdentity/help/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ManagedServiceIdentity/ManagedServiceIdentity/help/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md
---

# Az.ManagedServiceIdentity Module
## Description
This topic displays the help topics for the Azure Managed Service Identity Cmdlets.

## Az.ManagedServiceIdentity Cmdlets
### [Get-AzUserAssignedIdentity](Get-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Gets User Assigned Identity/identities.

### [New-AzUserAssignedIdentity](New-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Creates a new User Assigned Identity or updates an existing User Assigned Identity.

### [Remove-AzUserAssignedIdentity](Remove-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Removes a User Assigned Identity.

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Danni X. 😎  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=301899&view=results

Az/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.ManagedServiceIdentity
Module Guid: 1f09fbda-2563-4cfc-9098-100c27b52fa1
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.managedserviceidentity
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ManagedServiceIdentity/help/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ManagedServiceIdentity/help/Az.ManagedServiceIdentity.md
---

# Az.ManagedServiceIdentity Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: ManagedServiceIdentity cmdlets

## Az.ManagedServiceIdentity Cmdlets
### [Get-AzSystemAssignedIdentity](Get-AzSystemAssignedIdentity.md)
Gets the systemAssignedIdentity available under the specified RP scope.

### [Get-AzUserAssignedIdentity](Get-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Gets the identity.

### [New-AzUserAssignedIdentity](New-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Create or update an identity in the specified subscription and resource group.

### [Remove-AzUserAssignedIdentity](Remove-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Deletes the identity.

### [Update-AzUserAssignedIdentity](Update-AzUserAssignedIdentity.md)
Update an identity in the specified subscription and resource group.
