Az/Az.ConnectedMachine/Az.ConnectedMachine.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.ConnectedMachine
Module Guid: 259a0542-8329-4b9e-8f72-dab0efc583e9
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.connectedmachine
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ConnectedMachine/help/Az.ConnectedMachine.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ConnectedMachine/help/Az.ConnectedMachine.md
---

# Az.ConnectedMachine Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: ConnectedMachine cmdlets

## Az.ConnectedMachine Cmdlets
### [Connect-AzConnectedMachine](Connect-AzConnectedMachine.md)
API to register a new machine and thereby create a tracked resource in ARM

### [Get-AzConnectedMachine](Get-AzConnectedMachine.md)
Retrieves information about the model view or the instance view of a hybrid machine.

### [Get-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Get-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to get the extension.

### [Get-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Get-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Returns a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.

### [New-AzConnectedMachineExtension](New-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [New-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](New-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Creates (or updates) a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.
Note: You cannot specify a different value for InstrumentationKey nor AppId in the Put operation.

### [Remove-AzConnectedMachine](Remove-AzConnectedMachine.md)
The operation to remove a hybrid machine identity in Azure.

### [Remove-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Remove-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to delete the extension.

### [Remove-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Remove-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Deletes a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.

### [Set-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Set-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [Set-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Set-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Creates (or updates) a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.
Note: You cannot specify a different value for InstrumentationKey nor AppId in the Put operation.

### [Update-AzConnectedExtension](Update-AzConnectedExtension.md)
The operation to Upgrade Machine Extensions.

### [Update-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Update-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [Update-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScopeTag](Update-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScopeTag.md)
Updates an existing PrivateLinkScope's tags.
To update other fields use the CreateOrUpdate method.

Commit message:

CI Update  Build.Reason:Manual by Jeff Xu  Build.Url:https://apidrop.visualstudio.com/Content%20CI/_build/results?buildId=326385&view=results

Az/Az.ConnectedMachine/Az.ConnectedMachine.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.ConnectedMachine
Module Guid: 259a0542-8329-4b9e-8f72-dab0efc583e9
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.connectedmachine
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ConnectedMachine/help/Az.ConnectedMachine.md
original_content_git_url: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/src/ConnectedMachine/help/Az.ConnectedMachine.md
---

# Az.ConnectedMachine Module
## Description
Microsoft Azure PowerShell: ConnectedMachine cmdlets

## Az.ConnectedMachine Cmdlets
### [Connect-AzConnectedMachine](Connect-AzConnectedMachine.md)
API to register a new machine and thereby create a tracked resource in ARM

### [Get-AzConnectedMachine](Get-AzConnectedMachine.md)
Retrieves information about the model view or the instance view of a hybrid machine.

### [Get-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Get-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to get the extension.

### [Get-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Get-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Returns a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.

### [New-AzConnectedMachineExtension](New-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [New-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](New-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Creates (or updates) a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.
Note: You cannot specify a different value for InstrumentationKey nor AppId in the Put operation.

### [Remove-AzConnectedMachine](Remove-AzConnectedMachine.md)
The operation to remove a hybrid machine identity in Azure.

### [Remove-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Remove-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to delete the extension.

### [Remove-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Remove-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Deletes a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.

### [Set-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Set-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [Set-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope](Set-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScope.md)
Creates (or updates) a Azure Arc PrivateLinkScope.
Note: You cannot specify a different value for InstrumentationKey nor AppId in the Put operation.

### [Update-AzConnectedExtension](Update-AzConnectedExtension.md)
The operation to Upgrade Machine Extensions.

### [Update-AzConnectedMachine](Update-AzConnectedMachine.md)
The operation to update a hybrid machine.

### [Update-AzConnectedMachineExtension](Update-AzConnectedMachineExtension.md)
The operation to create or update the extension.

### [Update-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScopeTag](Update-AzConnectedPrivateLinkScopeTag.md)
Updates an existing PrivateLinkScope's tags.
To update other fields use the CreateOrUpdate method.
